# Question 2: Development Workflow [15 points]

During the orientation at JaaS, the VP of engineering explains to you their workflow:

1. Branching: Developers must use a separate branch for each feature, and they must commit their code once a day.
2. Testing: When their feature is finished, developers must run a test suite locally, on their machine, and make sure
   that every test passes. Once that's done, they can commit and push, then open a PR describing the feature, with a
   screenshot of the test results attached, and wait for code reviews from colleagues.
3. Merging: If no one requested changes on the code within 24 hours, one can merge the PR to the main branch.

Each of the three directives above contains a flaw. Give a better alternative for each step, and explain why your
alternative is better in maximum 2 sentences below:

1. Branching [4 points]

> The developers should not be forced to commit their code once a day. A commit should not be related to time, it should reflect a logical change in the code, shuch as a bug fix, a new feature, a code refactoring.

2. Testing [7 points]

> The test suite should not be run locally. The team should add continuous integration to their forkflow, so that each time a new feature is finished, developers open a PR. Once the PR is opened, the code will automatically be run and tested on a vm that has the same environment as the production environment to be sure that it passes the test not only on his development environment. And the code should pass the tests of the CI and be reviewed by colleagues to be merged.

3. Merging [4 points]

> Their should be a need for a certain number of approval before being able to merge the code. Maybe the other developpers have a lot of work and don't have time to review the PR in 24 hours should time should not be the criteria to merge the feature branch.

_For each of the three directives, an answer that points out the correct flaw earns 1 point. An answer that gives a
better alternative earns another 1 point. In addition to this, an answer that also gives a good explanation earns the
rest of the indicated points for that particular directive._