# Question 1: Coding habits [9 points]

You are discussing coding habits with a colleague, who says:
```
When I code, I only write some tests in order to get the minimum coverage my team wants. 
```
In one sentence, explain if this is a good habit and why:

> Tests should be written to prevent bug from happening, so it is a very important process. Tests should be written to test a particular module as exhaustively as possible, not only to fulfil some code coverage requirement. So I don't think it's a good habit.


Your colleague then says:
``` 
When I code, if a function I write has more than 10 lines,
I always refactor to make it call another function, so that all my functions have less than 10 lines.
```
In one sentence, explain if this is a good habit and why:

> Refactoring should not be based on the size of a function, but more on what the function does. What the function does should be clear and splitted in subtask that may be reusable later in other function. Often if a function is too long it means that it does multiple subtasks, so the length play a role as well, but it should not be the criteria. So I don't think it's a good habit.


Finally, your colleague says:
```
When I edit a part of a function, if I see unclean code in another part of it, I also clean that other part up.
```
In one sentence, explain if this is a good habit and why:

> I think it's a good habit, if everyone fix small part of the code every time they see one, at the end of the day, the teams find itself with a much cleaner code.


_For each sub-question, you will receive up to 3 points for a concise explanation of whether your colleague's habit is a good software engineering practice._
