# Question 2 [16 points]

You are writing server-side code for an online shop. The code will be invoked over HTTP from a mobile app. Your current code is as follows:

```java
public class ShoppingCart {
    public void buy(Product product, int quantity) {
        if (product == null) { throw new IllegalArgumentException("product cannot be null"); }
        if (quantity < 1) { throw new IllegalArgumentException("quantity must be at least 1"); }

        int price = product.getUnitPrice() * quantity;
        int discount = computeDiscount(product, quantity);
        int shippingFees = computeShippingFees(product, quantity);

        int totalPrice = price - discount + shippingFees;
        // this triggers a call to the actual credit card processor
        CreditCardProcessor.billCurrentUser(totalPrice);
    }

    private int computeDiscount(Product product, int quantity) {
        // ... discount computation logic ...
    }

    private int computeShippingFees(Product product, int quantity) {
        // ... shipping fees computation logic ...
    }
}
```

A colleague remarks that, in the future, this shop may want to partner with other shops to offer discounts,
and thus suggests refactoring into asynchronous code, so that the shop can first ask an inter-shop database
about possible discounts, which is naturally an asynchronous operation.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not:

> The code should not be changed in prevision of someting that may or may not happen in the future. It's better to refactor it in the future when they effectivelly needs it.

Another colleague remarks that hardcoding `CreditCardProcessor` is not a good practice,
and that `ShoppingCart` should instead have a payment processor interface as a constructor parameter.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not:

> It is a good idea. A user should be able to specify the method payment he wants to use. And it will also make unit testing easier, by injecting fake payment processor method.

Another colleague states that a null product should throw a checked exception,
not an `IllegalArgumentException`, because users might input bad data in the app.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not.

> It is a bad idea, because using exception as controll flow should always be avoided. But null production is a bad implementation, it is a bug.

A sales representative suggests adding a `Thread.sleep` call at the beginning of `buy`,
so that a future version of the software can remove it and advertise increased speed to customers.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not:

> It is a bad idea, because we will make the main thread sleep, and therefore the application will be less responsive and will result in a bad user experience.

> Official answer: No, this is unethical as it is lying to customers about what the app is doing and what work will be done in the future.
