# Question 3 [18 points]

One of your colleagues has recently taken over responsibility for a legacy codebase, a library currently used by some of your customers.
Before making functional changes, your colleague found a bug caused by incorrect use of the following method in the codebase:

```java
public class User {
    /** Indicates whether the user’s browser, if any, has JavaScript enabled. */
    public boolean hasJavascriptEnabled() { … }

    // … other methods, such as getName(), getAge(), ...
}
```

Your colleague believes that this is a bad API. Explain in 1 sentence why that is indeed the case.

> It is not related to a user

> This is an abstraction leak: the notion of JavaScript and even a browser is a completely different level of abstraction than users,
> so this method will likely lead to bugs.

You are reviewing the pull request your colleague made to fix this bug. Part of the pull request deletes the `hasJavascriptEnabled` method from the code, but you disagree.
Explain in 1 sentence why this could cause issues and what should be done instead.

> It would not be backward compatible if we remove this method, instead if it really needs to be removed, it should be first put to depreciated.

The rest of the pull request fixes the bug by rewriting the method that called `hasJavascriptEnabled` to no longer need it.
Explain in 1 sentence what else the pull request should contain and why.

> The pull request should mentione what other modification were, and give a brief summary of what has been done, to make it easy to the reviewer to review the PR.
> 
> The pull request should also add some regression testing to be sure that the bug doesn't happen again in the future.

After some discussion and additional commits to address feedback, the pull request is ready.
You can either “squash” the pull request into a single commit, or leave the multiple commits as they are.
Explain in 1 sentence whether you should “squash” and why.

> We should squash it, so that we have a clean working tree of commit in the main branch.

> Yes, because intermediate commits from the pull requests are not complete, and may even not build, which would make it hard in the future to find the root cause of a bug.
> Alternatively, you could squash into multiple commits, such as one for a refactoring and one for the actual bug fix, if it makes reviewing easier.
